(singing in foreign language)
- And now, the fire eating is regarding food.
All the fire did it, the fire took to their own,
to conceal and all, and everything was decided.
So, I'm going to try again the prayer of that.
And then here, certainly, thank you for coming,
and the tone, the activity that proposed my part
of benefit to myself, and for doing all those good things.
Thanks, thank you, and then again, and for coming,
and wherever I needed, or invite, please come,
come and prepare my own, with the wishes of the body.
That was the prayer we needed after.
One body kind of prayer, and the department.
But we remain ourselves as when they suffer,
and as when we do that.
(singing in foreign language)
(speaking in foreign language)